KINGDOM OF CAMBODIA
NATION RELIGION KING

Privacy Policy of Go Global School

The school’s policy below is intended to inform parents or legal guardians about the school procedures and regulations in helping to strengthen the quality and effectiveness of the students’ performances.

Dear Parents,

Why we create this app?
We are pleased that you would be felt safe drop & pickup your kids at Go Global school you are going to have your own user account for following up your children’s absences, child development, schedules of their class and their scores or result every month. Go Global School has been founded by a group of educational specialists, who collectively hold over 10 years of experience in the field. The curriculum has been developed in accordance with the academic programmed set by the Ministry of Education, Youth, and Sport of The Kingdom of Cambodia and the British National Curriculum. Our goal is we wanted to develop modern teaching skills. The quality of my students. 
While your children enrolling our school you agree to this privacy

Students Are Binding to the Following Policy:

1.	Must report to school daily and on time (10 minutes before classes start).
2.	Must report to school with the school uniform.
3.	Must maintain a hygienic lifestyle, which means they have to cut their nails,
obtain a short hair at all time (for boys), and have their hair up at all time (for girls).
4.	Students are subjected not to wear any jewelry or accessory to school, and the school will 
not take any responsibility on any loss or damage.
5.	Students are not allowed to use any kind of drug or alcohol unless they are prescribed for 
health purposes. They are also prohibited from using any kind of weapon or explosive material at school.
6.	Students are not allowed to eat snacks in the classrooms.
7.	Students are prohibited from using or bringing any technological device to school.
8.	Must involve in any social work and activity that the school offers.
9.	Must be involved and pledged the Khmer National Anthem (morning and afternoon) despite 
their nationalities and curriculums.
10.	Must show salutation toward teachers by properly standing up and greeting them.
11.	Must work hard, involve in different school activities, and be responsible in completing their homework and classwork. 
12.	Must have high responsibility in completing their homework and classwork. During class, they must follow the classroom rules and respect their peers.
13.	During break, students must obtain good manners, and they are not allowed to yell, fight, or run too fast around the playground to avoid hurting other students.
14.	Students who are missing without permission during their exam period will get ZERO for their grade. If missing three exams or more, students will automatically repeat the same classes.
15.	Students could pass the classes only if their final grades met the required average score          (50% or up) in their studies, discipline, and hygienic lifestyles. Those who obtain total score lower than average will have to retake the exams or repeat the same classes.
16.	With permission, students who are absent in between the ranges of 31 and 60 times, are required to retake the exams otherwise repeat the classes. If it is more than 60 times, they are automatically subjected to repeat the same classes.
17.	For students who are absent more than 30 times without permission will get their names removed from the school.
18.	Students, who violate these rules, are required to face consequences according to the school’s rules and governmental laws.

School Information for Parents or Legal Guardians

1.	Must drop off the students at school at least 10 minutes before classes start. If the students reported later than this for 3 times, students will be asked to line up and complete some life-skill activities. If they reported late more than 3 times, parents or legal guardians have to bring them home because the school will not allow them inside their classrooms due to disturbances unless appropriate reasons have been communicated.
2.	If students came late for 4 times or more, parents or legal guardians will be asked to come and sign contract in promising that the students will not be late again.
3.	Parents or legal guardians must pick up the students no later than 30 minutes after the school ends. If there is anything comes up, please contact and notify the school beforehand.
4.	Every time that students will be picked up from the school, parents, legal guardians, or granted individuals have to present a valid pick-up card, otherwise, the school will hold on to the students.
5.	If there is no urgency or any difficulty, we would ask every parent or legal guardian not to come and pick up the students early; however, if there is serious situation coming up or family difficulties, the school would ask you to come in person and fill in the permission forms.
6.	If parents or legal guardians want the school to look after the students, the school would kindly ask you to write a note and give it to the school.
7.	If parents or legal guardians for any reason want to come into the school, we would ask you to wear the visitor cards before you enter the Information Office, and then, we will have the school staff escorts you around the school for security purposes.
8.	If students got injured or any accident within the school, there would be implementations of First Aid procedures from the school nurse, and then, the school will notify the parents or legal guardians.
9.	In case students obtain contagious diseases of any kind, the school would kindly ask parents to take care them at home until we know that they are cured before we can allow them back.
10.	Parents or legal guardians can ring the school to ask a one-day permission for students, but from 2 days or up, they will have to come and fill in the forms.
11.	Parents or legal guardians should help encourage students to complete their works and study according to their schedules and if possible, please watch out for overuses of technology such as games, cell phones, and more that prevent them from performing well in their academic.
12.	Lastly, the school is opened to any suggestion or concern raised by the parents or legal guardians.

